Update scoping of StyleManager props to public (#2888)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

## v1.4.0

* Fixed an issue when feedback UI was always appearing for short routes ([#2871](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2871))

> * `NavigationViewController.styleManager` is now publicly scoped allowing for programmatic style changes ([#2888](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2888))

Reviewer: From the developer’s point of view, this property never existed before, so we can talk about it as an addition:

```suggestion
* Added the `NavigationViewController.styleManager`, `StyleManager.currentStyleType`, and `StyleManager.currentStyle` properties and the `StyleManager.applyStyle(type:)` method to manually change the UI style at any time. ([#2888](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2888))
```
